don't breathe 2 is about to hit theaters
and it's been 5 years since the first
film was released so if you need a quick
refresher don't worry this is a recap of
everything that happened in don't
breathe to prepare you for don't breathe
too don't breathe follows three small
small-time thieves named rocky alex and
money who make their living by breaking
into houses to steal valuables you know
how thieves work alex's father works for
a security company so he's able to
easily disarm security alarms rocky
meanwhile is looking for a big score so
she can finally leave town and bring her
young sister with her away from their
abusive mother and her alcoholic
boyfriend and speaking of the big score
money is tipped off about an old war
veteran named norman nordstrom who lives
in an abandoned neighborhood and
recently received a 300 000 settlement
from the family of a drunk driver who
killed his daughter in a car accident
when rocky alex and money case norman's
house they discover that the veteran
also happens to be blind and so the trio
drugged norman's rottweiler and break
into his home money attempts to use
sleeping gas on norman and then shoots a
lock that leads into the home's basement
where he assumes the money is being held
but the sleeping gas didn't work on
norman and the gunshot alerts him to the
intruders norman overpowers money and
shoots him dead as rocky and alex hide
norman goes about locking and sealing
every exit to his house then checks his
closet safe to ensure that his money was
still there unbeknownst to him rocky is
hiding in the closet and sees him enter
the safe's code when norman leaves she
opens the safe and steals all of the
money as norman searches his house for
intruders rocky and alex retreat to the
basement where they discover a chained
and gagged woman who turns out to be
cindy roberts the drunk driver that
killed norman's daughter rocky and alex
release her and try to help her escape
but the group is found by norman who
opens fire and inadvertently kills
sydney by mistake norman breaks down
into tears when he realizes who it was
he really killed then turns off all of
the basement's lights to hunt rocky and
alex without any light rocky and alex
were just as blind as norman but luckily
for them alex manages to knock out the
blind homeowner upstairs norman's
rottweiler has woken up and gives chase
to rocky and alex who gets separated
norman finds alex first and seemingly
kills him with some gardening shears
then norman finds rocky and brings her
back down to the basement and chains her
up similarly to cindy roberts norman
explains that he had gotten cindy
pregnant with a new child to replace his
dead daughter and now norman was going
to artificially inseminate rocky using a
turkey baster promising to let her go
whenever she gives birth to norman's new
child but before norman can go through
with his plan alex arrives to save the
day and it's revealed that when norman
thought he stabbed alex he had actually
stabbed the body of money alex frees
rocky and they handcuffed norman just as
rocky and alex open the front door to
norman's house norman breaks free from
his chains and shoots alex dead rocky
escapes the house but is chased down by
norman's rottweiler as she traps the dog
norman catches up to her and knocks her
out then drags her back to his home
inside norman's house once again rocky
manages to set off the home security
alarm disoriented by the loud noises
rocky manages to get the upper hand she
beats norman and kicks him down into the
basement hitting the ground his gun goes
off and shoots him in the side believing
him dead rocky leaves the house with the
stolen money in tow as the movie ends
rocky and her sister are at the airport
finally ready to leave this life behind
for a better one before they board the
plane rocky sees on the news that norman
survived the attack and was reported to
have killed two intruders alex and money
in self-defense there was no mention of
his heinous crimes against sydney
roberts but there was also no mention of
rocky getting away with norman's stolen
money and so rocky and her sister board
the plane and that's everything that
happened in don't breathe let me know
your favorite moments in the comments
below what are you most excited to see
in the sequel like this video subscribe
for more content like it that does it
for me in this video but i'll see you in
the next one
you